W-12185228 mask auth headers bsj (#80)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/bat-bdd-reference.adoc

In your tests, you can access shared secrets that are symmetric key types from Anypoint Secrets Manager. Secrets Manager enables you to securely store sensitive information, such as a password, authentication token, endpoint URL, or webhook URL.

=== Limitations

> * Functional Monitoring works only with symmetric key shared secret types. Using other types from Anypoint Secrets Monitor will cause all used shared secrets to stop being populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Functional Monitoring works only with symmetric key shared secret types. Using other types from Anypoint Secrets Monitor causes all used shared secrets to stop being populated.
```
